[Excel] (Range) Reorganize Range articles to improve discoverability and usability (#2582)
OfficeDev/office-js-docs-pr: docs/excel/excel-add-ins-ranges-remove-duplicates.md

---
title: Remove duplicates using the Excel JavaScript API
description: 'A code sample that shows how to use the Excel JavaScript API to remove duplicates.' 
ms.date: 04/02/2021 
localization_priority: Normal
---

# Remove duplicates using the Excel JavaScript API

> This article provides a code sample that shows how to remove duplicate ranges using the Excel JavaScript API. For the complete list of properties and methods that the `Range` object supports, see the [Excel.Range class](/javascript/api/excel/excel.range).

Reviewer: Let's make sure the nuance of what's being deleted is captured here.
```suggestion
This article provides a code sample that shows how to remove duplicate entries in a range using the Excel JavaScript API. For the complete list of properties and methods that the `Range` object supports, see the [Excel.Range class](/javascript/api/excel/excel.range).
```
